[eerie music]
(narrator) YOU UNLOCK THIS DOOR
WITH THE KEY OF IMAGINATION.
BEYOND IT IS
ANOTHER DIMENSION.
A DIMENSION OF SOUND.
A DIMENSION OF SIGHT.
A DIMENSION OF MIND.
YOU'RE MOVING INTO A LAND OF
BOTH SHADOW AND SUBSTANCE,
OF THINGS AND IDEAS.
YOU'VE JUST CROSSED OVER
INTO THE TWILIGHT ZONE.
LISTEN, HORACE.
[cap gun Popping]
NOW, WHY DID
YOU DO THAT?
DO WHAT?
YOU KNOW, WITH
THE CAP PISTOL.
SCARED THE PANTS
OFF OF YOU, RIGHT?
LOOK, HORACE. YOU DO
IT ALMOST EVERY DAY.
BOY, I LOVE
CAP PISTOLS.
THEY GOT A GREAT SMELL.
SMELL THAT.
I KNOW WHAT IT
SMELLS LIKE.
VVHEN I VVAS A KID, I ALVVAYS HAD
A CAP PISTOL. LISTEN, LEONARD,
DO YOU REMEMBER KEN MAYNARD IN THE MOVIES?
ALL THE OTHER KIDS ON THE BLOCK
VVERE TOM MIX, EXCEPT ME.
I VVAS KEN MAYNARD.
ME AND MY HORSE TARZAN.
[drumming fingers
like a horse gallop]
LOOK, HORACE, I CAME
IN HERE TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT YOUR DESIGN
FOR THE NEW ROBOT TOY.
NOVV, THERE'S SOMETHING
OUT OF VVHACK.
LISTEN, VVE USED TO
GALLOP OUT OF THE THEATER
AND SHOOT UP THE
WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD.
[imitates gun firing]
GOT YOU,
RIGHT IN THE HEART.
ARE YOU CUCKOO?
YOU'RE CUCKOO. YOU MISSED ME A MILE.
BING! BING! BING!
HORACE, HA\/E YOU GOT ANY IDEA
HOVV LOUD YOU'RE YELLING?
I'LL BET YOU CAN HEAR THAT ALL THE
VVAY DOVVN IN MR. JUDSON'S OFFICE.
I'LL BET YOU MY BALL
OF SILVER PAPER.
REMEMBER VVHEN VVE USED TO COLLECT TIN
FOIL AND ROLL 'EM IN A GREAT BIG BALL?
HORACE, I CAME IN HERE TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT THE NEVV ROBOT TOY.
NOVV, I'\/E VVORKED IN THE
OFFICE NEXT TO YOU FOR 15 YEARS.
I KNOVV ALL ABOUT HOVV YOU USED TO OOLLEOT TIN
FOIL. VVILL YOU LISTEN TO ME FOR A SECOND?
YOU MUST HA\/E HAD A VERY MISERABLE
TIME VVHEN YOU VVERE A KID.
RIGHT. I COULDN'T WAIT
TILL I GREW UP.
ALL RIGHT, WHAT
DO YOU WANT?
THERE'S SOMETHING
WRONG WITH THIS.
THERE IS NOT! I DESIGNED THAT TOY!
THERE'S NOTHING VVRONG VVITH THAT TOY.
KIDS'LL BE CRAZY ABOUT THAT.
LISTEN, YOU KNOVV VVHAT THAT DOES?
I KNOW WHAT IT DOES.
A TOY WHERE THE
EYES LIGHT UP
AND IT TALKS AND EVERYTHING.
IT'S A GOOD TOY.
I KNOW IT'S A GOOD TOY,
BUT IT CAN'T BE TURNED OUT AT THE PRICE MR.
JUDSON VVANTS.
NOW, LOOK HERE.
HE'S GONNA BLOVV HIS STACK
VVHEN HE SEES THIS.
IT'S GOT TOO MANY
PARTS, BELIEVE ME.
YOU THINK IT'S WRONG?
WELL, I KNOW IT IS.
LOOK, ALL YOU HAVE
TO DO IS WORK IT OVER.
HOW'S BETTY?
WHAT?
BETTY.
VVELL, NOVV, VVHAT HAS
BETTY GOT TO DO VVITH-
THANKS A LOT.
I'LL LOOK IT OVER.
(narrator)
MR. HORACE FORD,
WHO HAS A PREOCCUPATION
WITH ANOTHER TIME.
A TIME OF CHILDHOOD,
A TIME OF GROWING UP,
A TIME OF STREET GAMES,
STICKBALL AND HIDE AND GO SEEK.
HE HAS A RELUCTANCE TO CHECK OUT A
MIRROR AND SEE THE NATURE OF HIS IMAGE.
PROOF POSITIVE THAT THE TIME HE
DWELLS IN HAS ALREADY PASSED HIM BY.
BUT IN A MOMENT OR TWO, HE'LL DISCOVER
THAT MECHANICAL TOYS AND MEMORIES
AND DAYDREAMING AND WISHFUL THINKING AND
ALL MANNER OF ODD AND SPECIAL EVENTS
CAN LEAD ONE INTO A SPECIAL
PROVINCE, UNCHARTED AND UNMAPPED.
A COUNTRY OF BOTH SHADOVV AND SUBSTANCE
KNOVVN AS THE TVVILIGHT ZONE.
LAURA. WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I DON'T VVANT HORACE TO SEE THIS.
IT'S HIS BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
WELL, HOW ARE YOU?
EXHAUSTED!
IT'S NOT EASY SHOPPING
FOR YOUR HUSBAND.
WHAT DID YOU GET HIM?
OH, A SMOKING JACKET.
THA T PRO VES
HE'S GONNA BE 38.
THE SURPRISE PARTY'S ALL
SET FOR FRIDAY NIGHT?
ALL SET.
WH-WHAT'S THE PLAN?
EVERYBODY'S GOING TO MEET
AT YOUR PLACE AT 7:30,
AND THEN YOU'RE ALL COMING OVER
TO OUR PLACE TOGETHER AT 8:00.
HORACE THINKS THE TVVO OF
US ARE GOING TO A MOVIE.
I'LL MAKE Hl/I/I ANSVVER
THE DOOR VVHEN YOU RING.
HE'LL GO
THROUGH THE FLOOR.
OH, LEN, VVOULD YOU TAKE
THIS HOME VVITH YOU?
I DON'T VVANT-l DON'T VVANT HORACE
TO SEE IT AROUND THE HOUSE.
SURE. I'LL BRING IT
WITH ME FRIDAY NIGHT.
THANKS. IS HE BUSY?
WELL, PRETTY.
I'M GOING TO TAKE HIM HOME.
IT'S ALMOST 6:00, ANYVVAY.
SEE YOU FRIDAY.
SO LONG, HONEY.
(man)
HORACE, HORACE!
OH, MR. JUDSON.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
AT THE WINDOW?
NOTHING. UH,
JUST THINKING.
THINKING ABOUT WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW. BUSINESS.
VVHOSE BUSINESS? YOU CERTAINLY HAVEN'T
BEEN DOING VERY MUCH THINKING ABOUT OURS.
TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
WELL, LOOK AT IT.
I KNOW WHAT IT IS.
WELL, WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW,
MR. JUDSON.
DO YOU KNOVV HOVV MUCH VVE COULD LOSE IF VVE
PUT THIS TOY INTO PRODUCTION THE VVAY IT IS?
THAT'S A GOOD TOY.
VERY GOOD, BUT THAT HAS
NOTHING TO DO WITH IT.
LOOK, HORACE, YOU'VE
BEEN HERE A LONG WHILE.
IT'S TIME YOU REALIZED THAT WE'RE
IN BUSINESS TO MAKE A PROFIT.
THIS ROBOT TOY IS TOO OOMPLIOATED. TOO
MANY PARTS, AND I VVANT IT SIMPLIFIED.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
TO SIMPLIFY?
THE EYES DON'T
HAVE TO LIGHT UP.
SURE, THE EYES HA\/E TO LIGHT UP! DO
YOU VVANT TO RUIN THE VVHOLE THING?
THE EYES LIGHTING UP. THAT'S THE BEAUTY
PART! THAT'S THE TERRIFIC THING.
WHAT'S THE
MATTER, HORACE?
NOTHING! VVELL, YOU'RE JUST TALKING
ABOUT RUINING THE VVHOLE THING!
I DON'T WANNA ARGUE ABOUT IT. I WANT THE
WHOLE DESIGN REDONE. I NEED IT RIGHT AWAY.
LISTEN, DON'T YOU REMEMBER VVHEN
YOU USED TO PLAY SOLDIERS?
WELL, THIS ROBOT THING--
LAURA.
IS THIS THE OFFICE OF
HORACE MAXWELL FORD?
OH, HELLO, LAURA.
AREN'T YOU
SURPRISED TO SEE ME?
YEAH, I'M SURPRISED.
WHAT TIME IS IT?
ABOUT 6:00. HORACE, I'\/E NEVER BEEN
SO EXHAUSTED IN MY VVHOLE LIFE.
L'\/E BEEN SHOPPING ALL DAY LONG.
I'M GONNA TAKE YOU HOME.
OKAY.
I'M GONNA FALL
INTO BED TONIGHT.
LITERALLY
FALL INTO BED.
BOY, I GOT SOME
HOMEWORK TO DO.
OH, NOT AGAIN.
WHAT IS IT?
THAT ROBOT TOY. I'M TELLING
YOU, THAT NUTTY MR. JUDSON
IS TRYING TO RUIN
THE WHOLE THING.
THAT TOY HAS NO MEANING
UNLESS THE EYES LIGHT UP.
HELLO, CHILDREN.
HOW'S MY BOY?
FINE.
YOU HUNGRY?
A LITTLE.
GOOD, DINNER'S
ALMOST READY.
OH, LAURA, THERE'S SOMETHING'S
VVRONG VVITH THE CHICKEN.
IT'S LIKE LEATHER. THESE BIRDS
THEY SELL YOU NOVVADAYS.
LIKE PEOPLE DON'T KNOW
WHAT CHICKENS ARE ANYMORE.
IT LOOKS ALL
RIGHT TO ME.
WELL, HOW WAS
THE OFFICE TODAY?
IT WAS OKAY.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
NOTHING. NOTHING'S
THE MATTER.
NO, I CAN TELL JUST FROM YOUR VOICE.
VVHAT IS IT?
NOTHING. EVERYTHING'S
FINE. LET'S HAVE DINNER.
BOY, I'M TELLING YOU, THAT MR.
JUDSON IS JUST PLAIN NUTS.
THE GUY REMINDS
ME OF COREY.
HEY, MOM, YOU
REMEMBER MR. COREY?
MR. COREY, MOM.
I HAD HIM IN 5-B.
HEY, HEY, LAURA, LISTEN, DID I EVER TELL
YOU VVHAT VVE USED TO CALL HIM? GUESS.
COME ON, LET'S GET
READY FOR DINNER.
I'M NOT E\/EN GONNA TELL YOU.
I'LL NEVER FORGET THE TIME
HE CAUGHT ME WITH
A CANDY BALL IN MY MOUTH.
THE KIND THAT CHANGE COLORS
VVHILE YOU SUCK ON THEM.
BOY, HE MADE ME STAND UP, AND EVERY
MINUTE HE'D POINT THAT POINTER AT ME
AND HE'D SAY, "MR. FORD, VVHAT COLOR IS IT?
VVHAT COLOR IS IT, MR. FORD?"
I GOTTA TAKE IT OUT OF
MY MOUTH AND TELL HIM.
OH, I THOUGHT HERMY BRANDT'D
BUST TRYING NOT TO LAUGH.
HORACE.
HERMY BRANDT.
BOY, THE GREATEST STICKBALL
PLAYER IN THE VVHOLE VVORLD.
I'LL NEVER FORGET
THIS TIME--
HORACE.
THIS FIRE DRILL. DO YOU KNOVV VVHAT
HE USED TO DO IN FIRE DRILL?
LET'S HAVE DINNER.
GEE. WHAT GREAT
TIMES. I WAS TEN.
BOY, WHAT GREAT,
GREAT TIMES.
HORACE, WHY
DON'T YOU STOP?
NOBODY CARES ABOUT WHEN
YOU WERE TEN ANYMORE.
I CARE.
YOU'RE ALMOST 38.
SO WHAT?
YOU DON'T ACT
38 SOMETIMES.
SO WHAT?
THAT'S VVHAT I MEAN. "SO VVHAT." VVHAT
KIND OF AN ANSVVER IS "SO VVHAT"?
[women talking
at the same time]
VVHY DON'T YOU JUST BE
QUIET FOR ONCE, VVILL YOU?
HORACE!
HORACE?
LET HIM GO.
HORACE.
LAURA VVAS PROBABLY JUST TIRED.
SHE DIDN'T MEAN TO YELL.
HEY.
HEY, YOU REMEMBER
HERMY BRANDT?
NO.
LISTEN, HOVV COME YOU NE\/ER REMEMBER
ANYTHING ABOUT RANDOLPH STREET?
IT WAS A TERRIBLE STREET.
I JUST WANNA FORGET IT.
UH, WHAT WAS TERRIBLE?
YEAH, I HAD THE
GREATEST TIMES.
LIKE, LIKE, YOU REMEMBER VVHEN POP
USED TO GIVE ME THE INDIAN BURN?
VVHY DO YOU ALVVAYS HA\/E TO TALK
ABOUT VVHEN YOU VVERE A KID?
AH...RANDOLPH STREET.
YOU KNOW WHAT I
THINK I'M GONNA DO?
I THINK I'M GOING BACK
THERE RIGHT NOW.
HORACE?
WHY SHOULDN'T I?
HORACE.
IT'S JUST A DIRTY
OLD STREET.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO SEE?
STAY HOME.
WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?
HORACE?
HORACE, LISTEN-
FRANK ON A ROLL?
THREE CENTS EACH.
[couple at the same time]
BREAD AND BUTTER.
(woman)
DAVY!
YOU COME HOME OR YOU'RE
GONNA GET SMAOKED!
(man)
ICE CREAM!
GET YOUR CHOCOLATE, VANILLA,
STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM!
GET YOUR
ICE CREAM HERE!
WATCH WHERE
YOU'RE GOING.
[horns honking]
GIVE ME THAT BACK!
(boy) RING-A-LEVIO,
CAUGHT, CAUGHT, CAUGHT.
RING-A-LEVIO.
[kids shouting]
(boy)
HEY, HERMY.
HERMY BRANDT,
COME ON.
WELL, IT'S NICE
OF YOU TO COME BACK.
LAU RA?
WHERE WERE YOU? WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME WHERE YOU WERE GOING?
LISTEN, LAURA,
I WAS DOWN ON
RANDOLPH STREET.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I DON'T KNOW.
LAU RA?
THERE'S SOMETHING
I GOT TO TELL YOU.
TAKE OFF YOUR HAT.
I KNOW.
LISTEN. HEY, UH,
I SAW SOME KIDS
ON THE BLOCK.
LITTLE KIDS. MAYBE, MAYBE
TEN, ELEVEN YEARS OLD.
LAURA,
THEY VVERE THE KIDS I PLAYED
VVITH VVHEN I VVAS TEN.
THE SAME KIDS.
YOU'RE PERSPIRING.
L-I'M NOT. YOU'RE NOT
LISTENING TO ME.
I HEARD YOU.
I THINK YOU'RE CATCHING
COLD OR SOMETHING.
WIPE OFF YOUR FACE.
THEY COULDN'T HAVE BEEN
THE SAME KIDS, DEAR.
THAT'S NONSENSE.
WELL, THEY WERE.
I SAW THEM.
L-| SAW
HERMY BRANDT
AND GEORGE LAMBERT
AND CY WRIGHT.
VVELL, MAYBE THEY JUST LOOKED
LIKE SOME KIDS YOU USED TO KNOVV.
NO, I'M TELLING
YOU, THEY WERE.
HORACE, YOU'RE
TALKING LIKE A CHILD.
[doorbell buzzes]
HE DROPPED THIS.
YOU CAN'T TURN THESE
THINGS OUT LIKE DONUTS!
WELL, YOU TELL HIM
I AM RUSHING IT!
WHAT DOES
HE THINK I AM?
AW, LET HIM DO IT!
SURE, SURE, YOU
TELL HIM THAT!
WHAT DOES HE
WANT OUT OF ME?
JUDSON?
YEAH.
VVELL, HE VVANTS TO GET THAT TOY IN
PRODUCTION IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS.
VVELL, WHAT'S HE NAGGING ME FOR?
HE'S GOT SIX MONTHS.
NOW, TAKE IT
EASY, HORACE.
LOOK, HE'S A PRETTY NICE GUY, BUT HE'S A
BUSINESSMAN. NOVV, YOU GOT TO REMEMBER THAT.
UH, DON'T YOU
START ON ME, TOO.
WHAT'S WRONG, HORACE?
I DON'T KNOW. I--
LISTEN, I--l'M
VERY NERVOUS.
I SAVV A KID LAST NIGHT. YOU E\/ER
BEEN ON-ON RANDOLPH STREET?
IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE. RANDOLPH
IS-IS MY OLD STREET WHEN-WHEN I WAS A KID.
HE VVAS WEARING KNICKERS,
THIS KID I SAVV.
YOU REMEMBER WHEN YOU
USED TO WEAR KNKIKERS,
VVHERE THE BUCKLES AND ALL, THEY'RE
ALL THE TIME SLIPPING DOVVN?
SO HE VVAS WEARING THESE-KIDS
NEVER VVEAR KNICKERS ANYMORE!
I'M TELLING YOU, NEVER!
BUT HE IS WEARING
THESE KNICKERS AND--
YOU WON'T
BELIEVE THIS,
BUT I SWEAR
IT'S TRUE.
I WAS
WALKING ON THE STREET
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN, I HEAR
A KID YELLING, "RING-A-LEVIO!"
RING-A--
WELL, THAT'S A GAME WE USED TO PLAY.
RING-A-LEVIO.
YOU-YOU KNOW HOW THAT CAN
MAKE YOU FEEL, HEAFUNG THAT'?
I WAS A VERY GOOD
RING-A-LEVIO PLAYER.
YOU GOTTA BE VERY FAST. YOU
NEED A LOT OF STAMINA.
THE RUNNING YOU HA\/E TO DO.
SEE, FIRST, YOU CHOOSE UP SIDES.
YOU GO, “ONE POTATO, TWO
POTATO, THREE POTATO, POUR.“
YOU REMEMBER THAT? YOU REMEMBER THAT?
AND THEN ONE SIDE'S GOT TO HIDE.
SO, THIS TIME, I'M HIDING
BEHIND THE GROCERY,
BACK BEHIND VVHERE THEY KEEP THE
CARTONS AND ALL, AND I FELL ASLEEP.
IS THAT RIDICULOUS?
I FELL ASLEEP.
VVHEN I VVOKE UP, I TAKE ONE
LOOK AT MY MICKEY MOUSE VVA-
MICKEY MOUSE WATCH.
OH.
GEE, I HAVEN'T THOUGHT
OF THAT IN 2O YEARS.
HEY, YOU REMEMBER VVHEN YOU HAD A MICKEY
MOUSE VVATCH? VVHAT A DEAL THAT VVAS-
HORACE, UH, IGOT SOME WORK
STACKED UP ON MY DESK.
I-| JUST STOPPED
IN TO SAY HELLO.
I WANTED TO TELL YOU
ABOUT HOW SILLY--
I'LL SEE YOU
LATER, HUH?
HORACE? I WANT
TO ASK YOU SOMETHING.
VVHAT VVAS THE POINT IN SHOUTING
AT MY SECRETARY ON THE PHONE?
[loudly] SHE WAS SHOUTING AT ME!
I VVAS IN THE SAME ROOM VVITH HER.
SHE SPOKE IN A NORMAL VOICE.
AREN'T YOU HAPPY
WITH YOUR WORK HERE?
SURE.
HORACE, YOU'RE
A FINE DESIGNER.
YOU HAVE VALUE
FOR THIS COMPANY.
FOR OUR SAKE AS VVELL AS YOURS, I
DON'T LIKE TO SEE IT DISSIPATED.
BUT YOU'VE BEEN
BEHAVING BADLY.
IS THERE SOMETHING
WRONG, MAYBE AT HOME?
L-I'M JUST TRYING TO GET
THIS THING DONE HERE!
I'M NOT SPEAKING JUST TO HEAR
THE SOUND OF MY OVVN \/OIOE.
[women talking]
HORACE!
I'M SORRY I'M LATE. THE SUBVVAY
VVAS TIED UP FOR ABOUT 2O MINUTES.
SOMEBODY JUMPED?
NOBODY JUMPED. VVHY DO YOU HA\/E
TO THINK OF SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
WELL, IT HAPPENS.
JUST READ THE PAPERS.
SOMETHING BROKE DOWN.
YOU CAN'T KISS YOUR POOR
OLD MOTHER HELLO ANYMORE?
YEAH, SURE.
DON'T BOTHER TO WASH UP.
IT'S OVERCOOKED ALREADY.
YOU TIRED?
YEAH.
LISTEN, HORACE,
THERE'S A GREAT DOUBLE
BILL AT THE REGENT.
I'M GOING BACK
THERE TONIGHT.
WHERE?
RANDOLPH STREET.
WHAT FOR?
I GOTTA SEE
THOSE KIDS.
WHY?
BECAUSE I WANNA
SEE THEM. IT'S IMPORTANT.
IMPORTANT?
VEAL CUTLET.
SUCCOTASH. IT'S CANNED, BUT YOU
CAN HARDLY TELL IT FROM FRESH.
NOW, HELP YOURSELF
TO THE MEAT, HORACE.
IF IT'S STRINGY, BLAME
IT ON THE SUBVVAY.
[sighs]
YOU SURE
NOBODY JUMPED?
MOTHER.
WHAT'S SO GREAT
ABOUT DISASTERS?
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, I REMEMBER YOU
FROM RANDOLPH STREET.
EVERY TIME THERE WAS AN
ACCIDENT OR SOMETHING,
YOU WAS ALWAYS RIGHT THERE
IN THE FRONT ROW, WATCHING.
HORACE.
IT'S THE TRUTH. VVHAT-VVHAT
ABOUT THAT TIME
THAT HARVEY BENDER GOT HIS ARM
CAUGHT IN THE FIRE HYDRANT?
VVE ALL THINK THEY'RE GONNA HA\/E
TO BUST IT TO GET IT LOOSE.
YOU NEVER BUDGED
OUT OF THE FRONT ROW.
HARVEY BENDER? WHO'S HARVEY BENDER?
VVHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IF THAT WASN'T
THE NUTTIEST THING.
WHAT'S HE
TALKING ABOUT?
THE HOTTEST DAY
OF THE SUMMER,
AND HE THINKS TO CLOG
UP THE FIRE HYDRANT.
VVHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T
REMEMBER HARVEY BENDER?
GEE, VVE VVERE ALL PLAYING EMMY,
SEE, YOU KNOVV, ON A MANHOLE COVER,
AND MAN, I'M CLEANING UP. OH, GOSH, I
REMEMBER IT JUST AS IF IT VVAS THIS MORNING.
I GOT THIS BIG FAT PUREY,
AND I'M-l'M CLEANING UP,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN THIS NUT SAYS,
"LET'S OPEN UP THE FIRE HYDRANT."
AH, THAT VVAS THE
NUTTIEST KID, I SVVEAR.
HIS FAVORITE THING VVAS SHAKE,
SPEAR, SOCK IN THE EAR.
HORACE, STOP IT!
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
JUST STOP IT.
HE VVAS ONE OF THE
KIDS LAST NIGHT.
WHO WAS ONE
OF THE KIDS?
HARVEY BENDER.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I SAW HIM LAST NIGHT.
DON'T YOU KNOW
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE?
I KNOW WHAT I SEE.
HE VVAS TEN YEARS OLD VVHEN
YOUVVERE TEN YEARS OLD.
HE'S AS OLD
AS YOU ARE.
I TELL YOU, I SAW HIM.
HE'S A GROWN-UP MAN!
WELL, YOU THINK SO
YOU THINK SO, DO YOU?
LET ME TELL YOU, I SAVV HIM
LAST NIGHT ON RANDOLPH STREET.
AND I SAVV GEORGE LAMBERT, AND I SAVV
CY VVRIGHT, AND THEY ARE STILL KIDS!
HORACE, WHAT
ARE YOU SAYING?
FEEL HIS HEAD.
HE'S GOTA FEVER.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
I GOT NO FEVER.
MOTHER, BE QUIET.
HORACE, SIT DOWN.
FEEL HIS HEAD.
WILL YOU LET ME ALONE?
MOTHER.
LISTEN, DARLING,
I VVAN NA TALK TO YOU
QUIETLY JUST FORA MINUTE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S BEEN
HAPPENING AT THE OFFICE,
BUT I SEE YOU WHEN
YOU COME HOME AT NIGHT,
YOU'RE TIRED.
I MEAN, OVERWORK CAN CAUSE--
I WANT YOU TO
SEE A DOCTOR.
WHAT FOR?
JUST TO HAVE
A CHECKUP.
YEAH, YOU THINK I'M IMAGINING
THIS THING ABOUT THE KIDS.
NO, I DON'T.
YES, YOU DO.
HORACE, LISTEN.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
HORACE!
PLEASE.
[door closes]
FRANK ON A ROLL?
THREE CENTS EACH.
BREAD AND BUTTER.
DAVY!
YOU COME HOME, OR YOU'RE
GONNA GET SMAOKED!
ICE CREAM!
GET YOUR CHOCOLATE, VANILLA,
STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM HERE!
ICE CREAM!
WATCH WHERE
YOU'RE GOING.
GIVE ME THAT BACK!
RING-A-LEVIO,
CAUGHT, CAUGHT, CAUGHT.
RING-A-LEVIO.
[kids shouting]
HEY, HERMY.
HERMY BRANDT,
COME ON.
LET'S SWIPE SOME APPLES.
YOU EACH GRAB ONE.
(kid)
H EY, MICKY, LARRY.
HEY, WAIT!
HEY, CAN YOU IMAGINE NOT BEING
IN\/ITED TO THAT BIRTHDAY PARTY?
CAN YOU IMAGINE?
YEAH, AND I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE HIS BEST FRIEND.
HE STINKS! WE OUGHT TO
MOB-ILIZE HIM, RIGHT, HERMY?
OH, AND HOW.
HORACE?
HORACE.
HORACE, ARE
YOU ALL RIGHT?
WHY DON'T YOU
SAY SOMETHING?
SAME THING HAPPENED
ALL OVER AGAIN.
WELL, SIT DOWN
OVER HERE.
IWAS WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
I'M GLAD
YOU'RE HOME.
I MEAN, THE WAY
YOU RAN OUT OF HERE.
NOTHING CHANGED.
SAME MAN WANTED
ME TO BUY A HOT DOG.
THOSE PEOPLE SAYS
"BREAD AND BUTTER."
THIS BIG GUY
BUMPED INTO ME.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M TELLING YOU, LAURA, I'M TELLING
YOU, LAURA, NO-NOTHING CHANGED.
IT'S SOME KIND OF A
PATTERN, AND I'M IN IT.
THE KIDS--
THEY-I MEAN, THEY
SWIPE SOME APPLES,
THEY RUN INTO AN ALLEY,
AND I HEARD THEM TALKING.
I ALMOST DIED.
I MEAN IT.
I REMEMBER BEING IN
IT FROM 28 YEARS AGO,
BUT I DON'T
REMEMBER HOW.
OH, GOD,
HORACE. STOP.
LISTEN, I'M GOING
TO CALL A DOCTOR.
YOU'RE NOT.
I DON'T NEED A DOCTOR. I'M NOT SICK.
I SAVV THIS.
PLEASE. NOW, YOU
HAVE TO LISTEN TO ME.
YOU HAVE TO HAVE SOME
HELP ON THIS THING.
JUST LET ME
ALONE, WILL YOU?
VVHY DON'T YOU GET INTO
BED FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS?
I MEAN, YOU DON'T
HA VE TO GO TO WORK.
STAY HOME
FROM THE OFFICE.
[doorbell buzzes]
HE DROPPED THIS.
(me/e presenter) TWILIGHT ZONE I/V/LL
CONTINUE AFTER STA T/ON lDENT/F/CA T/ON.
LAURA, HEY .
AREN'T YOU SUPPOSED TO BE HOME
BAKING A BIRTHDAY CAKE OR SOMETHING?
NOVV, DON'T TELL ME IT'S GONNA BE STORE-BOUGHT.
NOT A VVOMAN VVITH YOUR TALENTS.
I DON'T WANT
HORACE TO SEE ME.
I HAVE TO TELL
YOU SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOVV HOVV HE GOT
TO THE OFFICE THIS MORNING.
I BEGGED HIM
TO STAY HOME.
LEONARD, I'\/E GOT TO GET
HIM TO SEE A DOCTOR.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
VVELL, SOMETHING'S HAPPENING TO HIM.
IT'S THIS THING VVITH THE KIDS. HE'S-
WELL, IT'S LIKE IT'S
EATING HIM ALIVE.
LAURA.
LOOK, HE-HE'S HAD THAT
EVER SINCE I CAN REMEMBER.
I MEAN, I'\/E ALVVAYS BEEN
ABLE TO SNAP HIM OUT OF IT.
NOT NOW.
YOU KNOVV HE'S BEEN GOING
BACK TO HIS OLD STREET?
YEAH, HE STARTED
TO TELL ME ABOUT IT.
HE TELLS ME HE SEES KIDS THAT HE GREVV
UP VVITH, AND THEY'RE THE SAME AGE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY TO HIM.
LEN, HE'S GOT TO HAVE HELP.
I'M NOT SAYING I'M THE BEST
VVIFE IN THE VVORLD, BUT I TRY.
L-I TRY HARD. NOVV, I MAKE
A HOME FOR HIS MOTHER.
THAT'S NOT EASY.
BUT I LOVE HORACE.
SOMETIMES I DON'T KNOVV VVHAT
TO SAY TO HIM, BUT I LOVE HIM.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO TALK TO HIM?
LEN, MAKE HIM
SEE A DOCTOR.
I'M AFRAID.
I'M AFRAID FOR HIS
JOB AND FOR HIM.
I'M JUST AFRAID.
I WILL.
L-|-l'LL TALK TO HIM.
LOOK, UH, LAURA,
IT'S AFTER 4:00 NOW,
AND THE SURPRISE
PARTY IS TONIGHT.
NOW, SUPPOSE I HOLD
OFF UNTIL TOMORROW.
L-I JUST DON'T VVANT TO GET
HIM UPSET BEFORE THE PARTY.
OH. HE'S SO
UPSET NOW.
LEN,
HELP ME GET HIM TO
A DOCTOR TOMORROW.
L-I'LL TALK TO HIM.
I'LL SEE YOU
AT 8:00 SHARP.
IJUST FINISHED THE DESIGNS
FOR THAT KANGAROO TOY.
MR. HOP-HOP, THEY'RE GONNA CALL IT.
THOUGHT I'D COME IN AND KILL SOME TIME.
WHO THOUGHT OF THAT NAME, “MR.
HOP-HOP“?
I DID.
NO KIDDING. WHEN?
LAST WEEK.
OH, IT'S A REAL
GOOD NAME. CATCHY.
LISTEN, LEONARD,
DID YOU EVER
HEAR OF THIS THING,
"STEP ON A CRACK
AND BREAK YOUR
MOTHER'S BACK"?
AND IT'S GOT
ANOTHER PART TO IT.
L-I'\/E BEEN TRYING TO REMEMBER IT
ALL DAY, AND I CAN'T REMEMBER IT.
I NEVER HEARD OF IT.
LOOK, YOU VVERE TELLING
ME A STORY YESTERDAY
ABOUT SOMETHING THAT HAPPENED IN YOUR
OLD BLOCK, AND YOU NEVER DID FINISH IT.
"STEP ON A CRACK."
WHAT HAPPENED
THE OTHER NIGHT?
I DON'T WANNA TELL YOU.
YOU'D JUST GIVE ME A BLANK LOOK AND
TELL ME I'M CRAZY OR SOMETHING.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I DON'T WANNA TELL YOU.
HELLO, LEONARD. I'D LIKE TO SPEAK TO
HORACE ALONE FOR AMINUTEIF YOU DON'T MIND.
MR. JUDSON, I VVAS JUST GONNA ASK YOU TO COME
IN AND GO OVER THAT HOP-HOP TOY VVITH ME.
IN A LITTLE VVHILE. I'LL
SEE YOU IN YOUR OFFICE.
THE DESIGNS
ARE ALL FINISHED.
IN A LITTLE
WHILE, LEONARD.
HOW ARE YOU, HORACE?
OKAY.
YOU LOOK TIRED.
I'M NOT TIRED.
I THOUGHT MAYBE YOU'D HA\/E THE ROBOT TOY DESIGN
FINISHED BY NOVV, AND I'D LIKE TO SEE IT.
I DON'T HAVE THEM.
WHY NOT?
I DON'T KNOVV VVHY NOT. I
JUST HAVEN'T GOTTEN TO THEM.
WHAT HAVE YOU
BEEN DOING?
VVHAT HA\/E I BEEN DOING? VVHAT-VVHAT-VVHAT
DO YOU THINK I'\/E BEEN DOING?
WELL, HORACE, YOU--
YOU HA\/EN'T BEEN \/ERY HELPFUL
AROUND HERE FOR QUITE A VVHILE.
HELPFUL? I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU CAN SAY THAT.
THAT TOY HAS TO GET
INTO PRODUCTION.
MAYBE YOU'D BETTER START ON SOMETHING
ELSE, AND LEONARD CAN FINISH UP.
LISTEN, THAT'S MY DESIGN, AND
NOBODY ELSE IS TOUCHING IT.
I STILL RUN
THIS FIRM, HORACE.
[shouflng] YOU ARE
NOT TAKING MY STUFF!
LOWER YOUR VOICE.
LOOK, HORACE, I'M TRYING TO BE DEOENT TO YOU
BECAUSE I THINK THERE'S SOMETHING VVRONG.
I THINK MAYBE YOU'RE ILL. I'D LIKE
YOU TO TAKE A LEAVE OF ABSENCE,
AND I WANT YOU
TO SEE A PSYCHIATRIST.
I THINK YOU'RE APPROACHING
A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN.
I AM NOT APPROACHING
ANY NERVOUS BREAKDOWN.
I DON'T KNOVV VVHO YOU THINK YOU
ARE TALKING TO ME LIKE THAT!
I'M ONLY TRYING TO HELP.
THERE'S NOTHING
WRONG WITH ME.
THAT MAY BE,
BUT IF THERE IS,
lT-IT'S NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED OF.
I VVANT YOU TO TAKE A LEA\/E
OF ABSENCE AND FIND OUT.
I AM NOT TAKING
ANY LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
VVELL, THE VVAY THINGS ARE, I'M
AFRAID YOU CAN'T VVORK HERE ANYMORE.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT!
ALL RIGHT, THEN I CAN'T
WORK HERE ANYMORE!
I'M SORRY, HORACE. I VVISH
YOU'D THINK ABOUT IT.
WOULD YOU PLEASE JUST GET OUT OF HERE'?
WOULD YOU, PLEASE'?
(Laura) LAURA- ALL RIGHT,
UH, ONE CHOCOLATE CHIP.
543 DAYTON STREET,
APARTMENT "D."
"D" AS IN DAVID.
THAT'S RIGHT.
10:00 TONIGHT.
THANK YOU.
LAURA, DO YOU THINK I
BOUGHT ENOUGH POTATO CHIPS?
OH, MM-HM.
VVHAT SHALL I DO VVITH THIS
SO HORACE VVON'T SEE IT?
VVELL, I DON'T KNOVV. MAYBE PUT
IT IN YOUR BEDROOM SOMEVVHERE.
WHERE IS HE?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
TEN OF 8:00. I'M GETTING
WORRIED ABOUT HIM.
HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN
HOME AN HOUR AGO.
HE PROBABLY GOT
STUCK AT THE OFFICE.
I'M GONNA
CALL HIM THERE.
IT LOOKS GOOD.
THE WAY THEY BAKE
CAKES THESE DAYS.
I HOPE IT TASTES
AS GOOD AS IT LOOKS.
WELL, HELLO. HOW COME
YOU'RE SO LATE?
I DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT TIME IT IS.
WHY, IT'S TEN OF 8:00.
(mother)
HELLO, DEAR.
I'M FIRED.
YOU'RE WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
MOTHER.
I VVENT AND HAD A HAMBURGER AT THE
DRUGSTORE. THAT'S VVHY I'M LATE.
YOU'RE FIRED
FROM YOUR JOB?
WILL YOU, FOR
HEAVEN'S SAKES?
HORACE, I WANT
TO KNOW.
YOU'RE TRYING
TO BE FUNNY.
NO.
WHY WERE YOU FIRED?
I WAS INADEQUATE
IN MY WORK.
WELL, THAT'S NOT SO.
I WAS INADEQUATE
IN MY WORK.
WHO SAID THAT?
IT DOESN'T
MATTER, HORACE.
WHAT DOESN'T MATTER?
A MAN LOSES A JOB HE'S HAD FOR
15 YEARS, AND IT DOESN'T MATTER?
WHAT DO THEY
MEAN INADEQUATE?
A MAN LIKE YOU? A TOP
DESIGNER OF TOYS?
DO THEY KNOVV VVHAT THEY'\/E GOT? I'LL
TELL YOU VVHAT THEY'\/E GOT: PURE GOLD.
THAT'S WHAT THEY'VE
GOT: PURE GOLD.
MOTHER.
LISTEN, MAYBE
THEY DON'T KNOW,
BUT I KNOW WHAT YOU DID
FOR THEM IN 15 YEARS.
THEY'VE GOT
TO BE TOLD.
YOUR LIFE'S BLOOD
IS IN THAT PLACE.
LOOK,
I VVANT YOU TO GET VVHOEVER IT IS
DOVVN THERE AT THAT FIRM THERE.
THAT MR. JOHNSON
OR WHATEVER HIS NAME IS.
GET HIM ON THE WIRE
AND TELL HIM WHAT'S WHAT.
I'M NOT CALLING ANYBODY.
BUT YOU'RE FIRED.
$140 A WEEK.
DO YOU THINK YOU CAN FIND
$140 A VVEEK ON THE STREET?
WHAT'S GOING
TO HAPPEN TO US?
I DON'T KNOW.
BECAUSE ALL OF A SUDDEN, MY
VVHOLE LIFE IS GOING BEFORE ME.
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
I CAN'T TELL
YOU WHAT IT IS.
BUT IT'S BEEN UPS AND
DOVVNS, UPS AND DOVVNS.
I'M 61 YEARS OLD, 61.
IT'S TIME I SHOULDN'T
BE AFRAID ANYMORE.
WHY DON'T YOU LOOK AT ME
WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU?
WHAT'S GONNA
HAPPEN TO ME?
SHUT UP!
I AM GOING TO TALK
TO HORACE ALONE.
WHAT DID I DO WRONG?
EVER, IN MY
WHOLE LIFE?
IF SOMEBODY
COULD TELL ME.
I COULDN'T HELP IT.
IT'S ONLY A
JOB, DARLING.
THERE ARE PLENTY
OF OTHER JOBS.
YOU WERE STAGNATING
THERE, HORACE.
I NEVER HAD
ANOTHER JOB.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
WHY DID SHE
HAVE TO CRY?
SHE'S AN OLD
WOMAN, HORACE.
I MEAN, IT'S UNFAIR
FOR HER TO CRY.
VVELL, THAT'S ALVVAYS HER FIRST
REACTION TO TROUBLE. CRYING.
SHE'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
DID YOU GET ANY
SEVERANCE PAY?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I GOT.
I JUST WALKED OUT.
VVELL, VVE'LL FORGET ABOUT IT FOR NOVV.
VVE'LL THINK ABOUT IT THIS VVEEKEND.
MONDAY YOU CAN
START LOOKING.
WE'LL MAKE A LIST
OF PLACES.
SHE'S SCARED STIFF.
SHE'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
I HAVE TO SUPPORT HER.
AND YOU.
HORACE, I HAVE
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
AND ME. THAT MAKES THREE PEOPLE.
VVELL, YOU THINK THAT'S EASY?
YOU KNOVV VVHAT MR. COREY SAYS TO ME TODAY?
HE SAYS HE THINKS THAT HE'S-
MR. COREY WAS
YOUR TEACHER IN 5-B.
WELL, MR. JUDSON. YOU KNOW WHAT MR.
JUDSON SAYS TO ME'?
HE SAYS HE THINKS I'M HAVING A NERVOUS
BREAKDOWN. HE'S OUT OF HIS MIND.
LISTEN, LAURA, I'M TELLING YOU, I SAVV
THOSE KIDS. I KNOVV VVHO THEY ARE.
HORACE.
THEY-THEY WERE RUNNING
UP AND DOWN THE STREET,
AND-AND-AND SVVIPING APPLES,
AND YELLING, AND HAVING FUN.
THAT'S ALL THEY WERE
DOING. HAVING FUN.
THEY YELL, "FINS."
LI-LISTEN, DID YOU
EVER YELL "FINS"?
THAT'S NOT WHAT WE
WERE TALKING ABOUT.
IT l5' VVHAT VVE VVERE TALKING ABOUT ME
HAVING TO MAKE A LIVING FOR THREE PEOPLE
VVHILE THEY'RE JUST SVVIPING APPLES
AND RUNNING UP AND DOVVN THE STREET.
YOU'RE A GROVVN-UP MAN! VVHAT DO
YOU THINK YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO DO?
THEY VVERE SORE 'CAUSE SOME KID HADN'T
lN\/ITED THEM TO A BIRTHDAY PARTY.
THAT VVAS THEIR BIGGEST
PROBLEM IN THEIR VVHOLE LIFE!
HORACE, NOW,
YOU'VE GOT TO STOP!
YOU DON'T
HAVE TO SHOUT.
HORACE?
HORACE, WHERE
ARE YOU GOING?
[shouflng] YOU CAN'T GO OUT NOW!
YOU CAN'T! HORACE!
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
TELL ME. LAURA!
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
WHO ARE YOU
GOING TO CALL?
LAURA, FOR HEAVEN'S SAKES, I'\/E
GOT TO KNOVV WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
WHO ARE YOU
GOING TO CALL?
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S THE VVHOLE THING. I DON'T
KNOVV VVHO I'M GOING TO CALL.
VVHAT'S THE NAME OF A DOCTOR?
TELL ME THE NAME OF A DOCTOR.
[doorbell buzzes]
HORACE?
SURPRISE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
FRANK ON A ROLL?
THREE CENTS EACH.
BREAD AND BUTTER.
DAVY!
YOU COME HOME, OR YOU'RE
GONNA GET SMAOKED!
ICE CREAM!
GET YOUR CHOCOLATE, VANILLA,
STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM!
WATCH WHERE
YOU'RE GOING.
[horn honking]
RING-A-LEVIO,
CAUGHT, CAUGHT, CAUGHT.
RING-A-LEVIO.
[kids shouting]
HEY, HERMY.
HERMY BRANDT,
COME ON.
LET'S SWIPE SOME APPLES.
YOU EACH GRAB ONE.
(boy)
HEY, MICKY, LARRY.
HEY. WAIT.
HEY, CAN YOU IMAGINE NOT BEING
IN\/ITED TO THAT BIRTHDAY PARTY?
CAN YOU IMAGINE?
YEAH, AND I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE HIS BEST FRIEND.
HE STINKS! WE OUGHT TO
MOB-ILIZE HIM, RIGHT, HERMY?
OH, AND HOW.
WHY DON'T WE BUST
IN ON THE PARTY?
FELLAS.
OH, WHAT FOR?
LISTEN, FELLAS, THERE'S
SOMETHING I GOT TO TELL YOU.
HE'D PROBABLY
BAWL OR SOMETHING.
NOW, YOU GOT
TO LISTEN TO ME.
I HAVE TO TELL YOU THIS.
STEP ON A LINE, YOU BREAK
YOUR FATHER'S SPINE.
WILL YOU
CUT IT OUT?
HEY, HEY, FELLAS,
LOOK AT ME.
I'M-I'M STANDING
RIGHT HERE.
HERMY, HERMY,
ARE YOU MY BUDDY?
WH-WHY DON'T YOU
LISTEN TO ME?
AVV, YOU-YOU GUYS, YOU THINK I DON'T KNOVV
VVHEN I OVVE YOU GUYS SOME APOLOGIES?
GEORGIE?
HEY, CY?
AVV, COME ON, VVHAT ARE YOU
GIVING ME THE TREATMENT FOR?
[no audible dialog]
VVILL YOU LISTEN? VVILL
YOU PLEASE LISTEN TO ME?
I COULDN'T HELP IT. I'M TELLING YOU,
FELLAS, YOU GOT TO GIVE ME A OHANOE.
HERMY, I'M YOUR
BEST FRIEND.
WILL YOU LISTEN TO ME
JUST FOR A MINUTE?
WELL, IF IT AIN'T
HORACE MAXWELL FORD.
THE BIRTHDAY BOY.
VVHY DIDN'T YOU lN\/ITE US TO
YOUR PARTY, HORACE MAXVVELL FORD?
YOU DOPEY NUT.
WE'RE GONNA
MOB-HAZE YOU.
NO, COME ON. NO, DON'T!
DON'T! PLEASE, NO!
[grunts]
OW!
[doorbell buzzes]
OH, MATCHES.
(all)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
HE DROPPED THIS.
[whimpers softly]
OH!
HORACE.
I'M HERE.
IT'S ALL RIGHT,
HORACE. I'M HERE.
LAU RA?
YES. IT'S ALL RIGHT.
DON'T ASK ME ANYTHING.
LWON'T.
BECAUSE I
COULD NEVER--
JUST DON'T.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT NOW?
YES.
BUT YOU'RE ALL CUT
AND EVERYTHING.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
LET'S GO HOME.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
HAPPENED TO ME, LAURA.
I HAVE NO IDEA.
BUT--
FOR ONE MINUTE,
OR ONE SECOND,
OR MAYBE ONE HOUR,
I DON'T KNOW,
I SAW SOMETHING THAT
MADE EVERY MEMORY
I EVER HAD A LIE.
BECAUSE WHEN
I WAS A KID,
IT WAS AN UGLY, SAD,
UNBEARABLE NIGHTMARE.
AND I SAW IT.
I KNOW WHAT IT WAS.
I REMEMBER IT NOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU, EITHER, HORACE,
BUT I THINK WE'RE
ALL LIKE THAT.
WE REMEMBER WHAT WAS GOOD, AND
WE BLACK OUT WHAT WAS BAD,
MAYBE BECAUSE WE
COULDN'T LIVE IF WE DIDN'T.
LET'S GO HOME. THERE'S
A PARTY WAITING.
(narrator) EXIT MR. AND MRS.
HORACE FORD,
WHO HAVE LIVED
THROUGH A BIZARRE MOMENT
NOT TO BE CALIBRATED ON
NORMAL CLOCKS OR WATCHES.
TIME HAS PASSED,
TO BE SURE,
BUT IT'S THE SPECIAL TIME
IN THE SPECIAL PLACE
KNOWN AS
THE TWILIGHT ZONE.
[eerie music]